1|Java How to Program|Harvey M. Deitel / Paul J. Deitel|The Deitels' groundbreaking How to Program series offers unparalleled breadth and depth of object-oriented programming concepts and intermediate-level topics for further study. This survey of Java programming contains an extensive OOD/UML 2 case study on developing an automated teller machine. The Seventh Edition has been extensively fine-tuned and is completely up-to-date with Sun Microsystems, Inc.’s latest Java release—Java Standard Edition (Java SE) 6.
2|Beginning Java SE 6 Game Programming|jonathan S. Harbour|BEGINNING JAVA SE 6 GAME PROGRAMMING, THIRD EDITION is perfect for beginner level game programmers with some Java experience who want to quickly and easily learn how to create games using the latest version of the Java SDK, Java 6. Written in simple language, the book teaches each new skill using engaging tutorials in which you'll write short programs that demonstrate the topics being covered to reinforce what you've just learned.
3|Head First Java|Kathy Sierra Bert Bates|If you've read a Head First book, you know what to expect--a visually rich format designed for the way your brain works. If you haven't, you're in for a treat. You'll see why people say it's unlike any other Java book you've ever read.
4|Head First Design Patterns|Eric Freeman / Bert Bates|We think your time is too valuable to spend struggling with New concepts. Using the latest research in cognitive science and learning theory to craft a multi-sensory learning experience, Head First Design Patterns uses a visually rich format designed for the way your brain works, not a text-heavy approach that puts you to sleep.
5|Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions|Gayle Laakman McDowell|Learn how to uncover the hints and hidden details in a question, discover how to break down a problem into manageable chunks, develop techniques to unstick yourself when stuck, learn (or re-learn) core computer science concepts, and practice on 189 interview questions and solutions.
6|Head First HTML and CSS|Elisabeth Robson / Eric Freeman|Tired of reading HTML books that only make sense after you're an expert? Then it's about time you picked up Head First HTML and CSS, and really learned HTML. You want to learn HTML so you can finally create those web pages you've always wanted, so you can communicate more effectively with friends, family, fans, and fanatic customers.
7|Head First SQL: Your Brain on SQL|Lynn Beighley|Using the latest research in neurobiology, cognitive science, and learning theory to craft a multi-sensory SQL learning experience, Head First SQL has a visually rich format designed for the way your brain works, not a text-heavy approach that puts you to sleep.
8|Head First Android Development|Dawn Griffiths / David Griffiths|If you have an idea for a killer Android app, this book will help you build your first working application in a jiffy. You’ll learn hands-on how to structure your app, design interfaces, create a database, make your app work on various smartphones and tablets, and much more. It’s like having an experienced Android developer sitting right next to you! All you need is some Java know-how to get started.
9|Head First Object-Oriented Analysis and Design|Brett D. McLaughlin / Gary Pollice / Dave West|Tired of reading Object Oriented Analysis and Design books that only makes sense after you're an expert? You've heard OOA&D can help you write great software every time-software that makes your boss happy, your customers satisfied and gives you more time to do what makes you happy.
10|Head First Kotlin: A Brain-Friendly Guide|Dawn Griffiths / David Griffiths|Head First Kotlin is a complete introduction to coding in Kotlin. This hands-on book helps you learn the Kotlin language with a unique method that goes beyond syntax and how-to manuals and teaches you how to think like a great Kotlin developer.